Added send-email.md (#44)
plantanapp/documentation: docs/Actions/send-email.md

| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Load Users from SQL](/docs/Actions/load-users-sql.md)                         | Load multiple users so you can send emails to all of them at once |
| [Load Entities (CSV File)](/docs/Actions/load-entities-csv-file)               | Load emails and other data to compose complex emails              |
| [Load Entities (CSV)](/docs/Actions/load-entities-csv)                         | Load emails and other data to compose complex emails              |
| [Load Entities (Excel File) XSLX](/docs/Actions/load-entities-excel-file-xslx) | Load emails and other data to compose complex emails              |
| [Load Entities (JSON)](/docs/Actions/load-entities-json)                       | Load emails and other data to compose complex emails              |
| [Load Entities (SQL)](/docs/Actions/load-entities-sql)                         | Load emails and other data to compose complex emails              |

> 

Author: > And perhaps the Load Users actions as well.

It is added 

> Also, add the For Each Entity as a related action.

Is is added

| Determine Email Automatically | If no **To** parameter is set it will try to pull the recipient email address of the logged user (current user)                                                                                                                                                           | No              | No                                       |
| To                            | Recipient(s) to send the email to. Multiple Recipients can be separated by semicolon (;)                                                                                                                                                                                  | Yes             | `Field is required`                      |
| Send email to all users       | Sends email to all users in the context loaded by [Load Users from SQL](/docs/Actions/load-users-sql.md)                                                                                                                                                                  | No              | No                                       |

> | Reply To                      | It is the email address that the reply message is sent when you want the reply to go to an email address that is different than the From parameter. Multiple Recipients can be separated by semicolon (;)                                                                 | Yes             | `empty string`                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Reply To                      | Email address that the reply message is sent back to instead of the `From` address. Multiple recipients can be separated by semicolon (;)                                                                 | Yes             | `empty string`                           |

```

| CC                            | Carbon Copy. Multiple Recipients can be separated by semicolon (;)                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Yes             | `empty string`                           |
| BCC                           | Blind Carbon Copy. Multiple Recipients can be separated by semicolon (;)                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Yes             | `empty string`                           |
| Subject                       | The subject of the Email                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Yes           | `Field is required`                      |

> | Format                        | The format of the email body                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | No              | `Html (And replace newline with <br />)` |

Reviewer: Document the possible formats as well.

Author: Added new section

| DNN email template to use.    | Choose from a predefined email from the system                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | No              | Unset                                    |

> | Body                          | The email template you want to send                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Yes             | `empty string`                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Body                          | The email content to send                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Yes             | `empty string`                           |

```

> | Headers                       | Append custom headers to the email.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Yes             | Unset                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Headers                       | Appends custom headers to the email.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Yes             | Unset                                    |

```

> | Attach Portal Files           | Pick a file that you want to send as attachment via email                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | No              | Unset                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Attach Portal Files           | Picks existing files from the system to send as attachments.                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | No              | Unset                                    |

```

> | Attach Field #                | Form only parameters, provide the ability to add up to 5 Single File Uploads fields to be send as attachments to the email                                                                                                                                                | No              | Unset                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Attach Field #                | Form only parameters. Provides the ability to add up to 5 Single File Uploads fields to be sent as attachments.                                                                                                                                                | No              | Unset                                    |

```

> | Attach from Token             | This lets you compute file path from token. It must be relative to portal home folder. Multiple items must be separated by semicolons.                                                                                                                                    | Yes             | `empty string`                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Attach from Token             | Computes file path from token. It must be relative to the portal home folder. Multiple items must be separated by semicolons.                                                                                                                                    | Yes             | `empty string`                           |

```

Reviewer: Do they have to be relative to the portal folder?
I remember being able to attach PDF files using the absolute URL or even the full file path.

> | Ignore Errors                 | If errors are ignored, the submission of the form continues even when there is an error sending the email. Otherwise, an error message will be displayed to the user. Note that if the email is being sent async or is placed in a pickup folder, errors won't be caught. | No              | No                                       |

Reviewer: Is this specific to the form? Or does it affect any action list/workflow?

Author: > Attach Field # 
Will only appear when the action is in the Form.
Those Parameters will not appear in other action lists of other modules including workflows.

## `Security`

> **Note that this presents a security risk when the To, From, CC, BCC and Reply To parameter has content from untrusted sources.**

Reviewer: Maybe use :::important or :::caution elements here instead of bold?
Also, mentioning tokens instead of just content would add more clarity?

Author: nice...

> The above mentioned parameters support tokens so the values, if not from a trusted source, may be altered and emails recipients can be modified.

Reviewer: Please detail this explanation.

Author: I gave an example for a better explanation 🗡️

## `Examples`

**The FROM parameter needs to be in concordance with the application SMTP settings. (eg: `notifications@mydomain.com`).**

> For Plant An App cloud hosted application the from email can be `anything@my-app.apps.plantanapp.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Plant An App cloud-hosted application, the `From` email can be `anything@my-app.apps.plantanapp.com` or emails from a custom domain, if configured.

```

        "Subject": "Confirmation email",
        "Format": {
            "Expression": "",
            "Value": "Html",
            "IsExpression": false,
            "Parameters": {}
        },
        "DnnEmailTemplate": {
            "Expression": "",
            "Value": "",
            "IsExpression": false,
            "Parameters": {}
        },
        "Body": "<p>Dear Customer,</p><p>Thank you for choosing us.</p>",
        "Headers": "",
        "PortalFiles": "",
        "FileField1": {
            "Expression": "",
            "Value": "",
            "IsExpression": false
        },
        "FileField2": {
            "Expression": "",
            "Value": "",
            "IsExpression": false
        },
        "FileField3": {
            "Expression": "",
            "Value": "",
            "IsExpression": false
        },
        "FileField4": {
            "Expression": "",
            "Value": "",
            "IsExpression": false
        },
        "FileField5": {
            "Expression": "",
            "Value": "",
            "IsExpression": false
        },
        "FileToken1": "/Portals/0/Images/logo.png",
        "IgnoreErros": ""
    }
}
```

> ### `2. Simple Email with tokens`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `2. Simple Email with Tokens`

```

> Simple example where we use tokens to set parameters so we can obtain a more dynamic setup 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this simple example, we use tokens to send the email from the current user to itself. This is done using the `[User:Email]` token. We also use the `[User:FirstName]` and the `[User:LastName]` tokens to create a dynamic email body.

```

```json
{
    "Title": "Send Email",
    "ActionType": "SendMail",
    "Description": "Example using tokens",
    "Condition": null,
    "Parameters": {
        "From": "[User:Email]",
        "DetermineEmail": "",
        "To": "[User:Email]",
        "ToAllUsers": "",
        "ReplyTo": "",
        "Cc": "",
        "Bcc": "",
        "Subject": "",
        "Format": {
            "Expression": "",
            "Value": "Html",
            "IsExpression": false,
            "Parameters": {}
        },
        "DnnEmailTemplate": {
            "Expression": "",
            "Value": "",
            "IsExpression": false,
            "Parameters": {}
        },

>         "Body": "<p>Dear [User:FirstName] [User:LastName],</p><p>This is an example mail using tokens.</p>",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "Body": "<p>Dear [User:FirstName] [User:LastName],</p><p>This is an example email that is using tokens.</p>",

```

        "Headers": "",
        "PortalFiles": "",
        "FileField1": {
            "Expression": "",
            "Value": "",
            "IsExpression": false
        },
        "FileField2": {
            "Expression": "",
            "Value": "",
            "IsExpression": false
        },
        "FileField3": {
            "Expression": "",
            "Value": "",
            "IsExpression": false
        },
        "FileField4": {
            "Expression": "",
            "Value": "",
            "IsExpression": false
        },
        "FileField5": {
            "Expression": "",
            "Value": "",
            "IsExpression": false
        },
        "FileToken1": "",
        "IgnoreErros": ""
    }
}
```

> ### `3. A more coplex setup for sending a email`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `3. A more complex setup for sending an email`

```

> In this example we display how to use a mix of text and tokens to set parameters. You can also set the From parameter email display name as in this example: `<The Sender of the Email>support@plantanapp.com`. In addition we setup an token to the logo so we can send it with the email as attachment.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we demonstrate how to use a mix of text and tokens to set parameters. 

Note how the `From` parameter can be configured to also have a display name, such as `<The Sender of the Email>support@plantanapp.com`. Same applies to any email field.

In addition, we set up a token for the logo so we can send it with the email as an attachment.  

```

```json
{
    "Title": "Execute Actions",
    "ActionType": "ExecuteActions",

>     "Description": "A more coplex setup for sending a email",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "Description": "A more complex setup for sending an email",

```

                        {
                            "value": "/Images/logo.png",
                            "name": "Path"
                        }
                    ]
                },
                "ActionType": "InjectData",
                "$_isOpen": false,
                "$_isLoaded": true,
                "$_isFocus": true,
                "Definition": {
                    "IsClientAction": false,
                    "Settings": {
                        "Group": "Context"
                    }
                }
            },
            {
                "Title": "Send Email",
                "ActionType": "SendMail",
                "Description": "Complex example",
                "Condition": null,
                "Parameters": {
                    "From": "<The Sender of the Email>support@plantanapp.com",
                    "DetermineEmail": "",
                    "To": "user1@plantanapp.com; user2@plantanapp.com; [User:Email]",
                    "ToAllUsers": "",
                    "ReplyTo": "",
                    "Cc": "user3@plantanapp.com; user4@plantanapp.com;",
                    "Bcc": "user5@plantanapp.com; user6@plantanapp.com;",

>                     "Subject": "Multiple Email sent",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    "Subject": "Multiple emails sent",

```

                    "Format": {
                        "Expression": "",
                        "Value": "Html",
                        "IsExpression": false,
                        "Parameters": {}
                    },
                    "DnnEmailTemplate": {
                        "Expression": "",
                        "Value": "",
                        "IsExpression": false,
                        "Parameters": {}
                    },

>                     "Body": "<p>Dear Customers,</p><p>This is an example using tokens. The email was sent to&nbsp;</p>",

Reviewer: This statement looks unfinished. Feels like there should have been a list of recipients?

Author: fixed

                        "Expression": "",
                        "Value": "",
                        "IsExpression": false
                    },
                    "FileField2": {
                        "Expression": "",
                        "Value": "",
                        "IsExpression": false
                    },
                    "FileField3": {
                        "Expression": "",
                        "Value": "",
                        "IsExpression": false
                    },
                    "FileField4": {
                        "Expression": "",
                        "Value": "",
                        "IsExpression": false
                    },
                    "FileField5": {
                        "Expression": "",
                        "Value": "",
                        "IsExpression": false
                    },
                    "FileToken1": "[Path]",
                    "IgnoreErros": ""
                },
                "$_uid": "action15918762609042327",
                "$_isOpen": false,
                "$_isLoaded": true,
                "$_isFocus": true
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

> ### `4. Sending an email with Load User from SQL action help`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `4. Send email to a list of recipients retrieved from the database

```

> In this example will load all the users in the system and send them an email. We are using the `Send mail to all users` parameter instead of setting the `To` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we will load all the existing users directly from the database and send them an email. Note that we are using the `Send mail to all users` parameter instead of setting the `To` parameter.

```

```json
{
    "Title": "Execute Actions",
    "ActionType": "ExecuteActions",

>     "Description": "Sending an email with Load User from SQL action help",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "Description": "Send email to all users loaded into the context",

```

                    },
                    "FileField2": {
                        "Expression": "",
                        "Value": "",
                        "IsExpression": false
                    },
                    "FileField3": {
                        "Expression": "",
                        "Value": "",
                        "IsExpression": false
                    },
                    "FileField4": {
                        "Expression": "",
                        "Value": "",
                        "IsExpression": false
                    },
                    "FileField5": {
                        "Expression": "",
                        "Value": "",
                        "IsExpression": false
                    },
                    "FileToken1": "",
                    "IgnoreErros": ""
                },
                "ActionType": "SendMail",
                "$_isOpen": false,
                "$_isLoaded": true,
                "$_isFocus": true,
                "Definition": {
                    "IsClientAction": false,
                    "Settings": {
                        "Group": "Email"
                    }
                },

>                 "Description": "Send all the users the email"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                "Description": "Send email to all users loaded into the context"

```

            }
        ]
    }
}
```

> ### `5. Sending an email with Load Enitites from SQL action help`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `5. Send email to a list of entities loaded from the database

```

```json
{
    "Title": "Execute Actions",
    "ActionType": "ExecuteActions",

>     "Description": "Sending an email with Load Enitites from SQL action help",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "Description": "Send email to a list of entities loaded from the database",

```

                            "Id": -1,
                            "$_uid": "action15918774102278206",
                            "Parameters": {
                                "From": "support@plantanapp.com",
                                "DetermineEmail": "",
                                "To": "[UserDetails:Email]",
                                "ToAllUsers": "",
                                "ReplyTo": "",
                                "Cc": "",
                                "Bcc": "",
                                "Subject": "Created date for [UserDetails:Username]",
                                "Format": {
                                    "Expression": "",
                                    "Value": "Html",
                                    "IsExpression": false,
                                    "Parameters": {}
                                },
                                "DnnEmailTemplate": {
                                    "Expression": "",
                                    "Value": "",
                                    "IsExpression": false,
                                    "Parameters": {}
                                },

>                                 "Body": "<p><span style=\"color: rgb(102, 102, 102); font-family: Roboto, &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 13px; font-style: normal; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; font-weight: 400; letter-spacing: 0.1px; orphans: 2; text-align: start; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255); text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; display: inline !important; float: none;\">The user: [UserDetails:Firstname] [UserDetails:Lastname] was created on date [UserDetails:CreatedOnDate]</span><!--EndFragment--><br><br><br></p>",

Reviewer: Can we clean the html a bit so it's more readable?

Author: Cleaned

                                    "IsExpression": false
                                },
                                "FileToken1": "",
                                "IgnoreErros": ""
                            },
                            "ActionType": "SendMail",
                            "$_isOpen": false,
                            "$_isLoaded": true,
                            "$_isFocus": true,
                            "Definition": {
                                "IsClientAction": false,
                                "Settings": {
                                    "Group": "Email"
                                }
                            }
                        }
                    ],
                    "ContinueOnError": "",
                    "OnError": []
                },
                "ActionType": "ExecuteActionsOnEntityList",
                "$_isOpen": false,
                "$_isLoaded": true,
                "$_isFocus": true,
                "Definition": {
                    "IsClientAction": false,
                    "Settings": {
                        "Group": "Entities"
                    }
                },

>                 "Description": "For each email"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                "Description": "Send email for each entity"

```

| ----------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------- | ---------------------------------------- |
| From                          | The email address from where the email(s) will be sent                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Yes             | `Creator of the website`                 |
| Determine Email Automatically | If the `To` parameter is left empty, the action will use the email address of the current user that is loaded into context (by default, the currently logged in user).                                                                                                    | No              | No                                       |

> | To                            | Recipient(s) to send the email to. Multiple Recipients can be separated by semicolon (;)                                                                                                                                                                                  | Yes             | `Field is required`                      |

Reviewer: I agree it's a very good idea. Let's split in Is Required and Default.
Also, to be clean, I suggest that we only fill the default if it's something else than empty or unset. Like for the From field, the default really explains what happens.

> | To                            | Recipient(s) to send the email to. Multiple Recipients can be separated by semicolon (;)                                                                                                                                                                                  | Yes             | `Field is required`                      |

Author: Done

| Send email to all users       | Sends emails to all users in the context loaded by [Load Users from SQL](/docs/Actions/load-users-sql.md)                                                                                                                                                                 | No              | No                                       |
| Reply To                      | Email address that the reply message is sent back to instead of the `From` address. Multiple recipients can be separated by semicolon (;)                                                                                                                                 | Yes             | `empty string`                           |

> | CC                            | Carbon Copy. Multiple Recipients can be separated by semicolon (;)                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Yes             | `empty string`                           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| CC                            | Carbon Copy. Multiple Recipients can be separated by a semicolon (;)  or a comma(,)                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Yes             | `empty string`                           |
```

> | BCC                           | Blind Carbon Copy. Multiple Recipients can be separated by semicolon (;)                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Yes             | `empty string`                           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| BCC                           | Blind Carbon Copy. Multiple Recipients can be separated by a semicolon (;)  or a comma(,)                                                                                                                                                                                              | Yes             | `empty string`                           |
```

| Body                          | The email content to send                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Yes             | `empty string`                           |
| Headers                       | Appends custom headers to the email.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Yes             | Unset                                    |
| Attach Portal Files           | Picks existing files from the system to send as attachments.                                                                                                                                                                                                              | No              | Unset                                    |

> | Attach Field #                | Form only parameters. Provides the ability to add up to 5 Single File Uploads fields to be sent as attachments.                                                                                                                                                           | No              | Unset                                    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Attach Field #                | Form only parameter. It provides the ability to add up to 5 Single File Uploads fields to be sent as attachments.                                                                                                                                                           | No              | Unset                                    |
```

> | Attach from Token             | Computes file path from token. It must be relative to the portal home folder. Multiple items must be separated by semicolons.                                                                                                                                             | Yes             | `empty string`                           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Attach from Token             | Computes file path from token. It must be relative to the portal home folder. Multiple items must be separated by semicolons or commas.                                                                                                                                            | Yes             | `empty string`                           |
```

> | Attach from Token             | Computes file path from token. It must be relative to the portal home folder. Multiple items must be separated by semicolons.                                                                                                                                             | Yes             | `empty string`                           |

Reviewer 2: This can be a fileId as well.

| Ignore Errors                 | If errors are ignored, the submission of the form continues even when there is an error sending the email. Otherwise, an error message will be displayed to the user. Note that if the email is being sent async or is placed in a pickup folder, errors won't be caught. | No              | No                                       |

## `Formats`

| Format                                   | Details                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| ---------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | Html (And replace newline with `<br />`) | To simplify the input of the email we are replacing the newlines in the `Body` of the email with html tag `<br>`. While it is easier to compose the email it may have strange behaviors with some email clients like Outlook |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| HTML (And replace newline with `<br />`) | To simplify the input of the email we are replacing the newlines in the `Body` of the email with the HTML tag `<br>`. While it is easier to compose the email it may have strange behaviors with some email clients like Outlook |
```

| Text                                     | Regular text, with no formatting options such as bold, italics, underlines, or special layout. Can include URLs, such as http:// and ftp:// options.                                                                         |

> | Html (**Recommended**)                   | It’s the way web pages and email templates are coded so that text is formatted and images are added . What it is displayed in the HTML editor of `Body` it is the the result that will be displayed in the email client      |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| HTML(**Recommended**)                   | It’s the way web pages and email templates are coded so that text is formatted and images are added. What it is displayed in the HTML editor of `Body` will be the result that will be displayed in the email client      |
```

## `Security`

:::caution

> Note that this presents a security risk when the To, From, CC, BCC and Reply To parameter has Tokens from untrusted sources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that this presents a security risk when the `To`, `From`, `CC`, `BCC` and `Reply To` parameter have tokens from untrusted sources.
```

:::

> The above mentioned parameters support tokens so the values, if not from a trusted source, may be altered and emails recipients can be modified. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The above-mentioned parameters support tokens so if the values are not coming from a trusted source they may be altered and email recipients can be modified. 
```

> For example if you let the user to input the email address manually from a Form may be a security risk. The expectation is to input only one email address but the end user may input: `my-email@company.com;other-email@othercompany.com`. Doing this he may send the emails that are meant only for him to other people or organizations. To avoid similar situations we strongly recommend using Tokens like `[User:Email]` or hardcoded email addresses when setting recipients parameters. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if you let the user input the email address manually from a Form, it may present a security risk. The expectation is to input only one email address but the end-user may input: `my-email@company.com;other-email@othercompany.com`. Doing this he may send the emails that are meant only for him to other people or organizations. To avoid similar situations we strongly recommend using Tokens like `[User:Email]` or hardcoded email addresses when setting recipients parameters. 
```

## `Examples`

**The FROM parameter needs to be in concordance with the application SMTP settings. (eg: `notifications@mydomain.com`).**

> For Plant An App cloud-hosted application, the `From` email can be `anything@my-app.apps.plantanapp.com` or emails from a custom domain, if configured. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For Plant An App cloud-hosted application, the `From` address can be `anything@my-app.apps.plantanapp.com` or an address from a custom domain, if configured. 
```

            "Expression": "",
            "Value": "Html",
            "IsExpression": false,
            "Parameters": {}
        },
        "DnnEmailTemplate": {
            "Expression": "",
            "Value": "",
            "IsExpression": false,
            "Parameters": {}
        },
        "Body": "<p>Dear [User:FirstName] [User:LastName],</p><p>This is an example email that is using tokens.</p>",

        "Headers": "",
        "PortalFiles": "",
        "FileField1": {
            "Expression": "",
            "Value": "",
            "IsExpression": false
        },
        "FileField2": {
            "Expression": "",
            "Value": "",
            "IsExpression": false
        },
        "FileField3": {
            "Expression": "",
            "Value": "",
            "IsExpression": false
        },
        "FileField4": {
            "Expression": "",
            "Value": "",
            "IsExpression": false
        },
        "FileField5": {
            "Expression": "",
            "Value": "",
            "IsExpression": false
        },
        "FileToken1": "",
        "IgnoreErros": ""
    }
}
```

### `3. A more complex setup for sending an email`

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

In this example, we demonstrate how to use a mix of text and tokens to set parameters. 

Note how the `From` parameter can be configured to also have a display name, such as `<The Sender of the Email>support@plantanapp.com`. Same applies to any email field.

In addition, we set up a token for the logo so we can send it with the email as an attachment.  

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

                        "Expression": "",
                        "Value": "",
                        "IsExpression": false
                    },
                    "FileField2": {
                        "Expression": "",
                        "Value": "",
                        "IsExpression": false
                    },
                    "FileField3": {
                        "Expression": "",
                        "Value": "",
                        "IsExpression": false
                    },
                    "FileField4": {
                        "Expression": "",
                        "Value": "",
                        "IsExpression": false
                    },
                    "FileField5": {
                        "Expression": "",
                        "Value": "",
                        "IsExpression": false
                    },
                    "FileToken1": "[Path]",
                    "IgnoreErros": ""
                },
                "$_uid": "action15918762609042327",
                "$_isOpen": false,
                "$_isLoaded": true,
                "$_isFocus": true
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

> ### `4. Send email to a list of recipients retrieved from the database`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### `4. Send an email to a list of recipients retrieved from the database`
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

In this example, we will load all the existing users directly from the database and send them an email. Note that we are using the `Send mail to all users` parameter instead of setting the `To` parameter.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

                    },
                    "FileField3": {
                        "Expression": "",
                        "Value": "",
                        "IsExpression": false
                    },
                    "FileField4": {
                        "Expression": "",
                        "Value": "",
                        "IsExpression": false
                    },
                    "FileField5": {
                        "Expression": "",
                        "Value": "",
                        "IsExpression": false
                    },
                    "FileToken1": "",
                    "IgnoreErros": ""
                },
                "ActionType": "SendMail",
                "$_isOpen": false,
                "$_isLoaded": true,
                "$_isFocus": true,
                "Definition": {
                    "IsClientAction": false,
                    "Settings": {
                        "Group": "Email"
                    }
                },
                "Description": "Send email to all users loaded into the context"

            }
        ]
    }
}
```

### `5. Send email to a list of entities loaded from the database`

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
